feat: improve urn format support (#1196)
eclipse-tractusx/puris: CHANGELOG.md

- Refactor usage of direction-characteristics ([#1128](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/puris/pull/1128))
- Remove demonstrator data injection via command line runner ([#1132](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/puris/pull/1132))
- Updated table row height and selection behavior ([#1135](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/puris/pull/1135))

> - Updated UUID so it also supports URN format ([#1196](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/puris/pull/1196))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated DemandAndCapacityNotification so it also supports UUIDs in URN format ([#1196](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/puris/pull/1196))
```

- Refactor usage of direction-characteristics ([#1128](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/puris/pull/1128))
- Remove demonstrator data injection via command line runner ([#1132](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/puris/pull/1132))
- Updated table row height and selection behavior ([#1135](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/puris/pull/1135))

> -  Updated DemandAndCapacityNotification so it also supports UUIDs in URN format ([#1196](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/puris/pull/1196))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated DemandAndCapacityNotification so it also supports UUIDs in URN format ([#1196](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/puris/pull/1196))
```
